---
layout: post
title: "Anthony DiGirolamo's Resume"
date: 2011-09-21 14:19
comments: true
categories: resume
---

You may also [Download](/downloads/digirolamo_resume.pdf) this as a PDF.

<!-- more -->

Education
---------

* <span style="float:right;">GPA: 3.80</span> Masters of Science in Computer Science -- In progress<br/>
Ira A. Fulton School of Engineering, Arizona State University -- Tempe, Arizona<br/>
20 credit hours completed

* <span style="float:right;">GPA: 3.38</span> Bachelor of Science in Computer Science -- Completed 12/2006<br/>
Ira A. Fulton School of Engineering, Arizona State University -- Tempe, Arizona<br/>
138 credit hours completed

Technical Skills
----------------
* Parallel application development in C and Fortran using MPI and OpenMP. Cloud
  application development using Java and the Apache Hadoop project. Additional
  Languages: Ruby, Python, and C++.

* Web application development with Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, CSS, and SQL
  including production level deployment with Linux, Apache, nginx, MySQL,
  PostgreSQL, Subversion, and Git.

* Comfortable with clustered Linux systems including shell scripting, the Torque
  resource manager, the Moab scheduler, and InfiniBand networking.

Work Experience
---------------

* **Technical Support Analyst Senior, High Performance Computing Initiative**<br/>
<span style="float:right;">06/2010 -- Present</span>
Arizona State University -- Tempe, Arizona

  * Administered the Saguaro High Performance Computing (HPC) system
    which ranked 160 in the Top 500 Supercomputer Sites as of June 2009.

  * Communicated with end users to provide application configuration,
    installation, testing, and deployment.

  * Developed and delivered instructional short courses on parallel
    programming using the Message Passing Interface (MPI) on the Saguaro HPC
    system.

  * Supported the day to day operations using technologies such as: Moab,
    Torque, the Gold Allocation System, Request Tracker, CFEngine, System Imager,
    FlexLM, and building custom RPMs from source installs.

  * Interfaced with software and hardware vendors for upgrades and
    maintenance.

* **Web Application Developer, Integrum Technologies LLC**<br/>
<span style="float:right;">01/2010 -- 06/2010</span>
260 South Arizona Avenue -- Chandler, Arizona

  * Designed, developed, and tested web applications using the Ruby
    on Rails framework.

  * Worked directly with clients daily using SCRUM and Agile
    techniques to ensure a high amount of communication, fast turn around
    times, and thoroughly tested code.

  * Performed a heavy amount of integration testing using Cucumber.

  * Followed Test Driven Development methodologies in a pair-programming
    environment with an emphasis on continuous refactoring.

  * Deployed production applications using technologies such as: MySQL,
    PostgreSQL, NGINX, Apache, Postfix, and Phusion Passenger.

* **Research Assistant, High Performance Computing Initiative**<br/>
<span style="float:right;">2/2006 -- 4/2008, 8/2008 -- 12/2009</span>
Arizona State University -- Tempe, Arizona

  * Designed and built GDBase, an off-line framework for debugging MPI
    applications. It provides a method for users to define debugger behavior,
    collect results to a database, and analyze the information postmortem.

  * Assisted Saguaro users with MPI application development, debugging, profiling,
    and error diagnosis.

  * Trained users in MPI introduction short courses that covered data
    decomposition, MPI data types, check-pointing with MPI/IO, and debugging using
    the GNU Debugger (GDB) and GDBase.

  * Streamlined error detection on Saguaro using a set of scripts to control job
    scheduling. If errors are found on a machine, staff members are notified, and
    jobs are then rescheduled to error free machines with no intervention.

  * Developed ASULinx, a prototype Ruby on Rails social networking tool designed
    to highlight interdisciplinary relationships and collaborative research in a
    graphical manner.  (asulinx.asu.edu})

* **Subject Matter Expert, Lionbridge Technologies**<br/>
<span style="float:right;">7/2009</span>
Microsoft -- Redmond, Washington

  * Authored and revised questions for the Microsoft HPC 2008
	  certification exam.

* **Web Developer, Office of the Vice President for Global Engagement**<br/>
<span style="float:right;">7/2008 -- 11/2008</span>
Arizona State University -- Tempe, Arizona

* Updated ASULinx to fit the needs of the Global Engagement Department.

* Collaborated with a design company (Esser Design) on integrating new artwork.

* **Graduate Student Intern, HPC-3 Department**<br/>
<span style="float:right;">5/2008 -- 7/2008</span>
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) -- Los Alamos, New Mexico

  * Worked towards porting the Stack Trace Analysis Tool (STAT) for use on the
    high performance computing (HPC) systems at LANL.

  * Collaborated with developers at Los Alamos National Laboratory and Lawrence
    Livermore National Laboratory on the Development of STAT.


Publications
------------

* "Architecture for an Offline Parallel Debugger" IEEE International Symposium
  on Parallel and Distributed Processing with Applications (ISPA), 12/2008.

* "A Scalable Framework for Offline Parallel Debugging" 9th Linux Cluster
  Institute (LCI) International Conference on High-Performance Clustered
  Computing, 4/2008.

